hey what's up everybody ultima reviews
here and welcome back for another video
so i was really excited about making
this one because it's pretty much the
only positive thing i've actually heard
about blackberry in a long time now in
case you guys haven't realized over the
last few years
blackberry sales have just decreased
expeditiously i've heard of the news a
few times that there's been thousands of
job losses at blackberry and it's just
because they're not able to make enough
profit and with the new competition
surrounding them it's just become even
more difficult for them
however this november hopefully i do
believe that the android device that
they could be releasing could completely
change everything so let's take a look
the image you guys to see on the screen
right now is the blackberry venice now
there is so much to take in so i'm gonna
break it down and i'm gonna start off
with the specs well the rumoured specs
that we're expected to see on the
blackberry venice so it starts off with
a 5.4 inch quad HD display which sounds
really good to me i've been looking to
downsize my screen I'm currently using
six-and-a-half inches and I'm definitely
looking for something smaller and again
its quad HD I mean we all love better
resolution and more sharp images and
next up we have pretty much the exact
same processor found in the LG g4 and
that is the 1.8 gigahertz Snapdragon 808
processor with the 64-bit chipset and
we're also expected to find three gigs
of ram so spec wise in terms of graphics
and gaming this looks like it will be a
beast it looks like it will be able to
perform right up there with the more
high-end flagship and we're also
expecting to see an 18 megapixel rear
facing camera and then a 5 megapixel
front facing camera and obviously there
hasn't been too much information on
what's going to be included in the
sensor but 80 megapixels is pretty
hi so that should be able to take some
pretty nice photos and if you slide this
device off you'll also find the very
classic blackberry keyboard and I think
it's a really nice touch blackberry app
added and seeing as they've sold off
blackberry messenger to Android and
iPhone it's pretty much not exclusive
anymore and that was one of the main
reasons why someone would choose a
blackberry over an Android or an iPhone
a few years ago so it's really nice
blackberry have left that keyboard and
sometimes it just gets really boring
typing on a touchscreen display and
sometimes it could be completely
unresponsive so it's really nice that
blackberry have included a physical
keyboard and the most mind-boggling part
of this phone is it will be running
Android this is actually BlackBerry's
first ever Android OS phone and that's
really interesting they you know stuck
with their OS over these last few years
and let's be honest BlackBerry OS is not
so much appealing to everyone and it's
very very difficult to compete with
Android and iOS when you know they are
constantly releasing new updates and
it's just so popular and then you've got
BlackBerry OS which only appeals to a
small number of people and there aren't
as many games and apps available on
their App Store so it just brings that
whole fear of not being able to use your
favorite apps and games so I think it's
really good that Blackberry have come
out of you know the whole BlackBerry OS
and introduced Android OS and again this
will help sells a lot of people use
Android there are millions of games and
apps on their marketplace so it just
opens up the BlackBerry Venice to a
whole load more opportunities now let's
take a quick step back to the display I
mentioned it featured a 5.4 inch display
what I didn't mention was that it
features two curved edges similar to the
one found on the Samsung Galaxy s6 edge
now I'm not sure if there's been any
lawsuits or you know some form of like
copying however it looks beautiful I
have to be honest it looks really
beautiful and I have to be honest over
the last few years blackberry have
created some really nice-looking devices
fair enough it's not like all glass it's
not all touchscreen most of their
devices have had a keyboard how
they still manage to include those
beautiful curves and glass here and
there and overall it just looks
beautiful so it would be a really nice
touch if blackberry include those two
curved edges on the Venice I think that
would definitely make the device look
more appealing to some people and the
Galaxy s6 edge did very good in sales a
lot of people were a bit skeptical at
first with the whole edge design however
Samsung did pull it off and a lot of
people fell in love with that whole
curved design so it would be really
interesting if blackberry could include
it but yeah this has been the BlackBerry
Venice now we are expected to see this
device from November we're only in July
so there's definitely some time for
BlackBerry's to make some significant
changes and I will definitely keep you
guys posted if they do if you've enjoyed
this video make sure to thumbs up and
yes subscribe if you'd like to be kept
up to date with all of the BlackBerry
various information and what do you
think I'd love to know what you think
about the BlackBerry vanish so drop
comment down below and we'll catch you
guys all the next one have a great day
peace